docs for graphs that depend on assets (#12597)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/guides/dagster/how-assets-relate-to-ops-and-graphs.mdx

```

In this case, the asset - specifically, the table the job reads from - is only used as a data source for the job. It’s not materialized when the graph is run.

> You can read more about how this works [here](/concepts/ops-jobs-graphs/graphs#loading-an-asset-as-an-input).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Graph documentation](/concepts/ops-jobs-graphs/graphs#loading-an-asset-as-an-input) for more info on how this works.
```

Generally, I think we should avoid vague link titles like `here` - it's helpful to provide context so the user has some expectation of where they're going when they click the link.
